_NOTES.md, before:

# Notes

**Labels**  
✅ done  
🚧 WIP  
❌ ERROR  
⚠ TODO

## Pomodoro 1

- ✅ Setup the inital backlog
- 🚧 Handle the second light is on
- ⚠ Handle the second light is off

## Pomodoro 2

- 🚧 Handle the second light is on
  - ✅ Setup the API test
  - 🚧 Setup the BDD test
  - ⚠ Setup the unit tests

## Pomdoro 3

- 🚧 Handle the second light is on
  - 🚧 Setup the BDD test
  - ⚠ Setup the unit tests
  - ⚠ Implement the functionality

## Pomdoro 4

- 🚧 Handle the second light is on
  - ✅ Setup the BDD test
  - 🚧 Setup the unit tests
  - ⚠ Implement the functionality

## Pomdoro 5

- 🚧 Handle the second light is on
  - 🚧 Implement the functionality
  - 🚧 Sort out the problem with supertest port

## Pomdoro 6

- ✅ Handle the second light is on
  - ✅ Implement the functionality
  - ✅ Sort out the problem with supertest port
- ✅ Handle the second light is off
  - ✅ Setup the API test
  - ✅ Setup the BDD test

## Pomodoro 7

- ✅ Handle errors for seconds

## Pomodoro 8

- ✅ Define the OpenAPI specification for the API

## Pomodoro 9

- ✅ Define the backlog for the first and second line of the API
- ✅ Write the API test for UAT 1.3
- ✅ Write the BDD test for UAT 1.3
- ✅ Implement the unit test and functionality for 1.3

## Pomodoro 10

- ✅ Write the API test for UAT 1.4
- ✅ Write the BDD test for UAT 1.4
- ✅ Implement the unit test and functionality for 1.4
- 🚧 Write backlog for third and fourth line of API

Commit message:

docs: write up the details for pomodoro 11

_NOTES.md, after:

# Notes

**Labels**  
✅ done  
🚧 WIP  
❌ ERROR  
⚠ TODO

## Pomodoro 1

- ✅ Setup the inital backlog
- 🚧 Handle the second light is on
- ⚠ Handle the second light is off

## Pomodoro 2

- 🚧 Handle the second light is on
  - ✅ Setup the API test
  - 🚧 Setup the BDD test
  - ⚠ Setup the unit tests

## Pomdoro 3

- 🚧 Handle the second light is on
  - 🚧 Setup the BDD test
  - ⚠ Setup the unit tests
  - ⚠ Implement the functionality

## Pomdoro 4

- 🚧 Handle the second light is on
  - ✅ Setup the BDD test
  - 🚧 Setup the unit tests
  - ⚠ Implement the functionality

## Pomdoro 5

- 🚧 Handle the second light is on
  - 🚧 Implement the functionality
  - 🚧 Sort out the problem with supertest port

## Pomdoro 6

- ✅ Handle the second light is on
  - ✅ Implement the functionality
  - ✅ Sort out the problem with supertest port
- ✅ Handle the second light is off
  - ✅ Setup the API test
  - ✅ Setup the BDD test

## Pomodoro 7

- ✅ Handle errors for seconds

## Pomodoro 8

- ✅ Define the OpenAPI specification for the API

## Pomodoro 9

- ✅ Define the backlog for the first and second line of the API
- ✅ Write the API test for UAT 1.3
- ✅ Write the BDD test for UAT 1.3
- ✅ Implement the unit test and functionality for 1.3

## Pomodoro 10

- ✅ Write the API test for UAT 1.4
- ✅ Write the BDD test for UAT 1.4
- ✅ Implement the unit test and functionality for 1.4
- ✅ Write backlog for third and fourth line of API

## Pomodoro 11

- 🚧 Write the API test for UAT 1.5
- ⚠ Write the BDD test for UAT 1.5
- ⚠ Implement the unit test and functionality for 1.5
- ⚠ Write the API test for UAT 1.6
- ⚠ Write the BDD test for UAT 1.6
- ⚠ Implement the unit test and functionality for 1.6
